feat: allow specify url in release assets (#322)
semantic-release/gitlab: README.md

| Property | Description                                                                                                 | Default                              |
| -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |

> | `url`    | **path or url is required.** This provides the ability to add links to releases. E.g. URLs to container images.                           | -                                    |

Reviewer: I would put the path up as this may still be the most commonly used feature; to weight it higher. @awcjack What do you think?

| Property | Description                                                                                                 | Default                              |
| -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |

> | `path`   | **path or url is required.** A [glob](https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob#glob-primer) to identify the files to upload.    | -                                    |
> | `url`    | **path or url is required.** This provides the ability to add links to releases. E.g. URLs to container images.                           | -                                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `path`   | **Required**, unless `url` is set. A [glob](https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob#glob-primer) to identify the files to upload.    | -                                    |
| `url`.     | Alternative to setting `path` this provides the ability to add links to releases, e.g. URLs to container images.                           | -                                    |
```
